Mar 30, 2026
Daily catchup - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: I wish.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Do we have a solution already?
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: No.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Your PhD can be done in two hours actually.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: I wish I wish that should be the rate of acceleration. That is
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: true.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Unless you have a way of controlling time, that's I think that's not possible. But yeah, go
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: So no, that should be possible. It should not be.
Rohan Jahagirdar: on.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Why does it even take so much time? Uh anyway, so what I was feeling is take guys because to be honest, I'm not really getting real time to invest in any of that thought process.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: This and uh whatever I do for uh research, I don't do any deep think. It's just you know all normal level ideas. It's still ideas but still not not at this fundamental level. I want to do this.
 
 
00:00:57
 
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: I'm just keep I keep on telling myself okay I'll get the time sometime and let's do it but I
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: don't see any way uh for me to get significant time to invest in this.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah. Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: So we can just work it out this week and next week and uh come to a level where we are able to apply for a grant. Why not?
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah, I'm saying that let's make this only the main thing. See,
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: what I have always learned is that this idea that we do something else and then later on we will do this.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah. Oh,
Rohan Jahagirdar: It never works.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: You should. It never works. Just go after the thing that you really want to do. And it doesn't matter if it takes two years, three years,
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: whatever it is. But this is only the direction. I'm saying we plant the flag and we tell this is what we want to move towards.
 
 
00:01:49
 
Rohan Jahagirdar: Now with given resources, this is what we can achieve.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: More resources will get us more faster there.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Correct.
Rohan Jahagirdar: And we just put out the call to the market. This is what we want to do. Give us money. Give us money. That's all. All right. Give us the help. So whatever it is available today, we will do what is available. It's not available.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: We'll do I mean like you know we'll build resources
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: So then then you have to treat me.
Rohan Jahagirdar: for
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: So it's like the equation then will slightly change because uh a significant
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: portion of my um like load would go on thinking through ideas looking at a lot of papers looking just just go deep dive into research. Okay. But we need to be able to spin off uh you know our deliveries into actual products and then just shoot them into uh you know money making cash flow.
 
 
00:02:44
 
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: So
Rohan Jahagirdar: What do you say? So think let's think this through. So what I'm saying is that like look say many of these so like for example what openai did until 3.5 came right 3.5 is when
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: yeah,
Rohan Jahagirdar: everybody became very this one about like you know until then it was like a very experimental product which was just sitting somewhere like nobody cared about
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: no, no, no.
Rohan Jahagirdar: it.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: So see the problem is not that the problem is initial variables are totally different for us and them.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Huh?
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: It is Sam Alman and we are nobodyies.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Okay.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Hey, we are not nobody man. We are and
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: What the heck that is equal to nobody like nobody one nobody two.
Rohan Jahagirdar: don't think don't don't think like that.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: That's all it is.
Rohan Jahagirdar: No, no, no.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: I don't agree.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Oh, you not agreeing is just putting your head in the sand and saying the world stopped
 
 
00:03:55
 
Rohan Jahagirdar: Dude, we are living in Trump's world.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: existing.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Facts are not facts. You know that, right? In this world, there is no meaning for facts. So, so yeah, you are whatever you can make up your own reality.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: So, but let's do
Rohan Jahagirdar: No, we I agree with you that we need a continuous stream of products that we can keep releasing
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: correct.
Rohan Jahagirdar: that I'm totally with you. I'm saying the more uh horizontally we grow,
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Correct.
Rohan Jahagirdar: the more this one it'll add like it adds more noise. Let's be vertical. Let's catch hold of one or healthare
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: That's why that's why I just want to focus on the work
Rohan Jahagirdar: thing.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: alone, not even healthcare,
Rohan Jahagirdar: Huh.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: just the framework.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Okay.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah, I know that's not as exciting as it sounds and it's also not very sellable.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Uh
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: But your uh approach of productled growth is that like if it sells product will product will sell
 
 
00:04:57
 
Rohan Jahagirdar: yeah, I get huh
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: itself. If it doesn't sell, it doesn't sell. That's uh that's the simple thing.
Rohan Jahagirdar: but it has to be made. I mean like the thing is that see product like say for example even with chat GPT right like the thing about the transformers was the technology but they made it consumable with the chat GPD 3.5 until that it came to that
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: level it was not usable I mean like the tech was probably great but the innovation of open AI was actually chat GPT
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: True. Very true. So what see one way to approach this I one see the last two hours I've been just this has been simmering in my mind one way to do it is I uh we take this as a longshot bet okay you we uh you figure
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: out small small use cases that uh that are domain specific and implementable using our uh frameworks or whatever is the deliverable that we do. Okay. On the tech side and uh essentially you build a team of
 
 
00:06:08
 
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: uh say however many you want and we build a solutions architect team or solutions engineering team which just goes and deploys these uh uh this thing
Rohan Jahagirdar: Thanks.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: uh experts at whatever state they are in. The problem is as soon as we have a tech uh team which is into this uh the tech part is gone. So we need somebody who's working on this constantly. So how do you what how do you think about that?
Rohan Jahagirdar: What do you say like uh the tech part is gone? When do you what do you mean when you say
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: No. So if let's say uh I work on developing the tech in the back
Rohan Jahagirdar: that?
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: end we run it as a uh founder le
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: uh no show then there is nobody who is actually going and thinking and so it's we are we have we both are then caught up in operations is what I'm trying to
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: say.
Rohan Jahagirdar: So what I'm saying that's why I'm saying I'm happy to talk to people.
 
 
00:07:12
 
Rohan Jahagirdar: We can bring on people like there's a friend of mine who's also an SR by the like I told you this guy he's sitting he's taking he's doing work but he has some bandwidth. I can check with him. We can bring in these kinds of people or like you know maybe like an intern also somebody who can come and work in good faith not to not charge money. We can give them like something like you know hey we'll give you some sweat equity when it becomes valuable.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: come work with us and take on all the operational work.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: That's all.
Rohan Jahagirdar: And you see the thing you
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: So the team that the team that we build is the solutions engineering team. That's all.
Rohan Jahagirdar: will
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: You need a series of solutions engineers who goes and talk to these companies or clients and they just install these um work in their so that forward deployed engineers in a LLM setting solutions engineering in a traditional setting. So both are same.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
 
 
00:08:09
 
Rohan Jahagirdar: So I'm saying we don't have to go after several sectors. Let's go one sector whatever bandwidth allows us right so the thing is at the end of the day cost will also
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: So,
Rohan Jahagirdar: become this one right like the more deeper you go into it the more things we'll be getting pulled into uh so if we build for one this one we know same thing can be replicated in the in the same industry and we'll go after more clients in the same industry so it can just become
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
Rohan Jahagirdar: replicated uh so yeah so more FD is see the thing is that your bandwidth then will have to get completely more. I'd say it should you should move more towards like 8020 where 80% of the time you are actually thinking about the bigger problem and 20% of the time is actually
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah, that's what I'm that's what I'm trying to tell you.
Rohan Jahagirdar: beingh
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: And um we'll make it very delivery focused so that I am not just uh you know I'm not uh in my own world or of that sort.
 
 
00:09:08
 
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Uh but let's see let's see what is possible. So but uh we need to give it time to for it to compound and then you know just have that uh spark that excite excitement energy should be there which enlightens us.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah. So we should have like some see ideally some problem statement right ideally well definfined
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Uh yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: problem statement that you are going after and ideally little bit of money also behind
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: it some externality needs to be behind it so apart from just
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: the two of us what I'm really this one for is that if we can bring somebody else to put some little bit of grant money it just like you know keeps it I don't know just like you know it's not just between you and me. We don't get stuck with our own ideas. We should have some input from somewhere else also. And I'm not saying just some random VC shop like you know who's just like like the one that we spoke to not those kinds of people.
 
 
00:10:09
 
Rohan Jahagirdar: We need like somebody who's like really genuinely who has some genuine insights to provide.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Uhhuh.
Rohan Jahagirdar: So somebody who can give us so that's the thing that emergent ventures right it's like a very good candidate
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: There you go.
Rohan Jahagirdar: uh a they give you a cash this one and they put you in touch it's run by that guy Tyler K is like one of the most leading intellectuals in the world he's amazing that guy so that sort
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Wait.
Rohan Jahagirdar: of thing I'm saying like you know let's see what are the other grants out there u right that keep us in touch with the right kind of people and let's state this as the goal this is what we want to You want to build experts who will be there in your job, right?
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Different kinds of situations,
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: ambiguous situations. Maybe as a first level, what we should do is let's both of us create like a simple one or two pager like what we what are these experts,
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah.
 
 
00:11:04
 
Rohan Jahagirdar: right?
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Right.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Uh what are these experts that we are trying to create and how they what are the salient features of these experts? What is the design on this one?
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Wait,
Rohan Jahagirdar: Right? how will it work and the technicality will come in of course much later I'm like how they'll be implemented but I'm
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: wait.
Rohan Jahagirdar: saying what is the use of these experts why should they be there why don't the current model satisfy this need right like you know that sort of a thing let's just create like a two-pager we put it up on the website let be there on the site uh and we say that this is our vision this is what we are working towards uh and we think
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: that there are several use cases where they can come in healthcare is obviously one great use case because it's desperately needed and it immediately impacts
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Nice.
Rohan Jahagirdar: people. But there is no reason why you don't need an expert in manufacturing. You don't need an expert in civil engineering.
 
 
00:11:55
 
Rohan Jahagirdar: You don't need an expert in all of these place. You need like experts everywhere.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Got
Rohan Jahagirdar: Um so I'm saying the current LLM models don't fit the bill.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: it.
Rohan Jahagirdar: they lack uh the ability to be able to push back uh you know to take make judgment calls even if multimodel inputs that you provide them with they are not able to do the sort of same work right and that is what I'm saying that we want to build we plant the flag saying this is what we want to do so yeah man and then we can work backwards from there and figure out how much time do you so ideal that's that's the thing 80 20% % of your time should go into operational work. 80% of the time should go into something more. This is the
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: H okay no I'm just thinking now so an
Rohan Jahagirdar: work.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: expert how does a so is that a state or is that a process that is okay let's let's do one thing let's do an independent analysis of what an expert is and then we'll exchange uh we'll
 
 
00:12:59
 
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah. No, sorry.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: discuss and uh That way we'll know
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: what each one's perspective
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah. No, that's a good uh this one. I think so.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: is.
Rohan Jahagirdar: What I would I mean like there are certain salient factors that have come to my mind that I had put down initially in my mind. One is this sort of a self-awareness where to be able to know what I know and what I don't know. Right? Second uh is this uh demonstrated competence. Um you have a you can immediately demonstrate competence in your area. Whatever that area is it is demonstrable that competence over there. Uh that is the second thing.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: One second. Once One
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: second.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah, you're on mute.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: No, no, I'm still talking to the
Rohan Jahagirdar: Oh, okay.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: H. Huh? Sorry, you're you're talking about it.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah. Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Uh, no,
Rohan Jahagirdar: So like the let's
 
 
00:14:54
 
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: let's do one thing because I I have a
Rohan Jahagirdar: put
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: uh very clear, you know, distinction between what I see as expert and what you see as expert. So, let's do an independent uh one pager or two-pager.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah. Let's put a one pager. simple one pager like I can tell you how I'm thinking about an expert
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Sure.
Rohan Jahagirdar: and what you are saying right and uh then we can decide like
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah. Yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: you know what is it that we can really think about what we can really achieve and then we can say this is what we
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Okay.
Rohan Jahagirdar: want to build okay um yeah but I'm totally on board with your
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: There you go.
Rohan Jahagirdar: idea man like you know we can speak to people you also speak to people anybody that you think who can come on board and who's like a FD sort of person who can work with us for a while it'll be just me man I mean that's me plus cloud agents will be
 
 
00:15:49
 
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah. Yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: the thing for yeah
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Me, I'll I'll contribute as well. I just want to ensure
Rohan Jahagirdar: but you have to focus more on the this work right so I'm saying let us go
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: uh funding.
Rohan Jahagirdar: and raise some small grant money something so that it sets us up for success so that
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Correct.
Rohan Jahagirdar: it should not be like We make something but we have then we have to go tell the world that we did something right like if it is already set up for that then it's sort of like the work is as incrementally it is improving it's being made public automatically it is coming out somewhere in the public so it's being
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah.
Rohan Jahagirdar: known yeah we can but we should also start writing this is going
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Okay.
Rohan Jahagirdar: to significant public uh this one I'm saying
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah. Yeah. True.
Rohan Jahagirdar: education
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: True. True. So I I've prepared my second article on context engineering but I don't know how much of it uh I want to write in that article.
 
 
00:16:50
 
Rohan Jahagirdar: Huh?
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Now that you know we are moving towards a higher uh goal we'll uh whatever we have discussed about context engineering is worth
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: uh sharing.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah. Yeah. So, let's start educating.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah,
Rohan Jahagirdar: It's a way of see writing is a way of clarifying thoughts for ourselves more than for public
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: correct.
Rohan Jahagirdar: it mostly it is that 90% is that 10% is for
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah,
Rohan Jahagirdar: public I'm saying let's focus on that so let's
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: right.
Rohan Jahagirdar: go through step by step first let's come up with this plan uh what is the shared definition of an expert then we will figure out with the current scheme of things how much what is the delta right what can be achieved with existing tools at hand just context engineering. How much can we achieve of this definition is achievable. What is that last mile that needs to be still that can only be built with some really great new re rearchitect models or like you know fine-tuning or any of that new methods right we can
 
 
00:17:53
 
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yes. Yes. Yes.
Rohan Jahagirdar: achieve we can understand that delta then let's start working with what we have exact uh presently let's figure out like how do we kind of start uh putting the fill
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: to be honest to be honest an expert model u there is no delta it's it's all delta so it's it's like another uh layer another not not even a layer it's like a it's a parallel layer it's a parallel model so it has to be a different architecture it has to be a different way of thinking maybe uh because the now now actually I've started thinking more so it can also be a uh again depending on how you look at an expert uh that's why I asked is an expert a state or a process because if it's a process we may be able to make uh the existing models forget things okay and that way achieve our end architecture.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: We need not uh always start from scratch. We can we have this existing model. We'll say you are an expert.
 
 
00:19:03
 
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Take this route. Take this path that we give you and just forget all the deficiencies or all the problematic uh nodes. So that is one way to achieve our goal. So how we achieve the goal is different.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: But uh let's let's discuss it once we each have our
Rohan Jahagirdar: Okay. So, let's do today for now, right? Let's keep the aim today. For today, we will put that uh definition of uh expert and let's just share that today. Okay. by today in the next 2 three hours I'll also put some thought into it what I initially have in my mind I'll just put my this one and share it with you okay
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Okay, I'll start after my daughter is asleep.
Rohan Jahagirdar: evening done so maybe in the evening whenever we want
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: I'll in sometime
Rohan Jahagirdar: we can connect say 7 7:30 whatever whenever you're free we can connect in at later in the night also if we need it whenever that works we can take a look at it and let's see I mean like if
 
 
00:19:55
 
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: you can do that.
Rohan Jahagirdar: this is a thing but yeah I mean like I'm open to ideas.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yes.
Rohan Jahagirdar: We can think about like how maybe like we can pair the like an existing big model with one of the smaller models to do this job. Something of that sort, right? Maybe that could be the answer
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: in n on second thought of regarding the PhD a this is this is like a
Rohan Jahagirdar: actually.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: 100x bar uh rise for the current PhD levels okay
Rohan Jahagirdar: You need super PhD.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: so we we I it's an overkill for a PhD so that's why I came to terms with you know let's just get on with it why why do I want to tie it up with something that is if it doesn't get done here. It'll anyway get done there because we have made some progress at least.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: So, it's fine.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: So, let's see. Let's see how it
Rohan Jahagirdar: It'll be great if there were there is a way for you to bring in more PhD students under you to work
 
 
00:20:51
 
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: goes.
Rohan Jahagirdar: with you.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah, there are no good ones. That is a problem. It's very at least in India the it's very tough to one is I don't know who is a PhD who's motivated enough we we may find but it's uh again you know tangential work I'll have to do all of
Rohan Jahagirdar: Yeah. Yeah. No, it's okay. Okay.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: that
Rohan Jahagirdar: I think look, let's keep things simple. Let's not go to this one about it. Uh we will clarify our definition and start writing things, putting it out there. If it attracts that kind of people, that's great. We will go with them.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Yeah. Yes.
Rohan Jahagirdar: But uh yeah,
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: And I'll I'll the draft of my second article.
Rohan Jahagirdar: let that happen. Yeah.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Just let me know if it's overboard or not.
Rohan Jahagirdar: No, no, share it. Share
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: And uh not now.
Rohan Jahagirdar: it.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: I'll Okay. I'll put it in LinkedIn and it has a way to share draft. I'll do that.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Oh, okay. Oh, I didn't know that.
Ramanan Sivasubramanian: Okay.
Rohan Jahagirdar: Okay, fine.
 
 
Transcription ended after 00:22:23

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
